pages/blog/2016-11-11--about-this-blog/index.md, before:

---
title: About This Blog
date: '2016-11-26T22:46:52.358Z'
layout: post
path: "/blog/about-this-blog/"
---

This is a self-referential blog post about this blog (...I've been reading too much [GEB](https://www.amazon.com/G%C3%B6del-Escher-Bach-Eternal-Golden/dp/0465026567)).  A post about how to get the most from other posts.
In the spirit of Simon Sinek, I'll start with **why**.  Then
I'll cover **how** I created this blog and tips for getting the **most out of it**.
Finally, I'll delve into **where** it's going.  

If you don't really care why I created this blog and just want to learn how to
get the most out of it, [feel free to skip ahead.](#getting-the-most-out-of-posts)

## Starting With Why
My _Why_ has many layers.  Initially, I thought my _Why_ was to help separate my
time from income.  For the last year or so I've been [using this chrome extension
Motivation]() it has made me way more present to how little time we have on this
planet.  The conclusion I came to is that the amount of time I'd have to put
into this blog to make it profitable is somewhat absurd.

So I asked why again. 

And again.

The next layer I peeled back was another selfish one: _to learn_.  The philosophy
"To teach is to learn" has been distilled into my psyche.  By writing blog posts
about educational content not only could I improve my writing skills but it
would also force me to understand the programming material at a deeper level.


## Design Inspiration

## How This Blog Was Built

## Getting The Most Out Of Posts

Scattered throughout posts will be different alert boxes.  The green ones have
tips that you may find useful like this:

::: tip
An alias for `npm install <package> --save` is `npm i <package> -S`
:::

Blue boxes with the info icon are to display pieces of information that may or
may not apply to you... for example:

::: info
Make sure to use node version > `6.2.2`
:::

Red alert boxes have information you should **definitely** read because it could
be very important or dangerous.

::: warning
Never type `rm -rf ~`. Understand what commands do before copy pasting from the
internet!
:::

**Errors & Mistakes** 

Inevitably you will encounter some spelling and grammatical errors (after all
one of my primary 'Why's is to become a better writer).  When they arise feel
free to leave a comment and I'll fix it up or you can even submit a [Github Pull
Request to fix the issue yourself!](https://github.com/SpencerCDixon/blog/pulls)

**Sharing & Comments** 

Most titles will have a little paper clip looking thing to the right of them that
looks like 🔗.  If you click on it you will be able to link to that section of
the blog post which can be useful when sharing URLs with friends and colleagues.

Additionally, at the bottom of every post are some social sharing icons you can
use to spread the love.  If a post was useful and helped you solve a problem,
consider paying it forward and sharing with others :smile:.  Sharing is caring!  

Absolutely hate and disagree with the things I'm writing?  No problem.  Leave a
comment and I'll gladly consider your point of view.  Apply the "Golden Rule" to
comments.  If you're a troll I'll just ignore you.

Commit message:

Adds webkit anti aliasing to see if that fixes font on my iPhone

pages/blog/2016-11-11--about-this-blog/index.md, after:

---
title: About This Blog
date: '2016-11-26T22:46:52.358Z'
layout: post
path: "/blog/about-this-blog/"
---

This is a self-referential blog post about this blog (...I've been reading too much [GEB](https://www.amazon.com/G%C3%B6del-Escher-Bach-Eternal-Golden/dp/0465026567)).  A post about how to get the most from other posts.
In the spirit of Simon Sinek, I'll start with **why**.  Then
I'll cover **how** I created this blog and tips for getting the **most out of it**.
Finally, I'll delve into **where** it's going.  

If you don't really care why I created this blog and just want to learn how to
get the most out of it, [feel free to skip ahead.](#getting-the-most-out-of-posts)

## Starting With Why
My _Why_ has many layers.  Initially, I thought my _Why_ was to help separate my
time from income.  For the last year or so I've been [using this chrome extension
Motivation](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/motivation/ofdgfpchbidcgncgfpdlpclnpaemakoj?hl=en) it has made me way more present to how little time we have on this
planet.  The conclusion I came to is that the amount of time I'd have to put
into this blog to make it profitable is somewhat absurd.

So I asked why again. 

And again.

The next layer I peeled back was another selfish one: _to learn_.  The philosophy
"To teach is to learn" has been distilled into my psyche.  By writing blog posts
about educational content not only could I improve my writing skills but it
would also force me to understand the programming material at a deeper level.

The reality for me is there are lots of different mediums I could use to start
teaching again that don't require me working on my writing skills.


## Design Inspiration

## How This Blog Was Built

## Getting The Most Out Of Posts

Scattered throughout posts will be different alert boxes.  The green ones have
tips that you may find useful like this:

::: tip
An alias for `npm install <package> --save` is `npm i <package> -S`
:::

Blue boxes with the info icon are to display pieces of information that may or
may not apply to you... for example:

::: info
Make sure to use node version > `6.2.2`
:::

Red alert boxes have information you should **definitely** read because it could
be very important or dangerous.

::: warning
Never type `rm -rf ~`. Understand what commands do before copy pasting from the
internet!
:::

**Errors & Mistakes** 

Inevitably you will encounter some spelling and grammatical errors (after all
one of my primary 'Why's is to become a better writer).  When they arise feel
free to leave a comment and I'll fix it up or you can even submit a [Github Pull
Request to fix the issue yourself!](https://github.com/SpencerCDixon/blog/pulls)

**Sharing & Comments** 

Most titles will have a little paper clip looking thing to the right of them that
looks like 🔗.  If you click on it you will be able to link to that section of
the blog post which can be useful when sharing URLs with friends and colleagues.

Additionally, at the bottom of every post are some social sharing icons you can
use to spread the love.  If a post was useful and helped you solve a problem,
consider paying it forward and sharing with others :smile:.  Sharing is caring!  

Absolutely hate and disagree with the things I'm writing?  No problem.  Leave a
comment and I'll gladly consider your point of view.  Apply the "Golden Rule" to
comments.  If you're a troll I'll just ignore you.
